# graduation-project
indoor positioning by Bluetooth with a mobile platform
This paper focus on the design of Indoor Positioning System which is based on iBeacon protocol, mainly design the reception device and the transmit device of the Indoor positioning system which is based the RSSI theory and specifically develop the algorithm of triangle localization. By choosing different hardware: MSP430 and TM4C123GH6PM of TIVAC Series to build the Indoor Positioning System respectively and compare the analyzations of the ability of reception and the ability of transmit from the different hardware. While testing and debugging, MSP430 had significant defects of floating-point calculation and logarithm operation which always led to long-period position and remarkable-distance error. For these reasons TM4C123GH6PM became the most suitable hardware for designing. And after that, by increasing the number of reception Bluetooth, the difference of the results by the influence of multi-devices were tested. From that, the algorithm of triangle localization for the static Indoor positioning system was developed. On the basis of this, mobile platform was designed and built. A PCB circuit which included an electric motor module (based on L293d chip) and a Bluetooth control module (based on HC-06) was designed. By assembling different modules and testing, a mobile Indoor Positioning System with high-accuracy was achieved. First of all, this paper explained the practicability of the design of the Indoor Positioning System, the basic structure of the system and the outline of the design from the theoretical foundation in detail. After building the mobile Indoor Positioning System Platform, the designs of the hardware and the software for the whole system were developed and optimized with a mass of debugging and tests for the performance of the system. Obviously, the results of the tests prove the feasibility of the design of mobile Indoor Positioning System Platform. Also the research contents of this paper are able to provide a useful reference for the choice of hardware and the optimization of algorithm.
